Manasseh was 12 years old when he became
Manasseh was 12 years old when he became king and he reigned 55 years in
king and he reigned 55 years in
king and he reigned 55 years in Jerusalem but he did evil in the sight
Jerusalem but he did evil in the sight
Jerusalem but he did evil in the sight of the Lord according to the
of the Lord according to the
of the Lord according to the abominations of the nations whom the
abominations of the nations whom the
abominations of the nations whom the Lord had cast out before the children of
Lord had cast out before the children of
Lord had cast out before the children of Israel for he rebuilt the high places
Israel for he rebuilt the high places
Israel for he rebuilt the high places which has a car his father had broken
which has a car his father had broken
which has a car his father had broken down he raised up altars for the bales
down he raised up altars for the bales
down he raised up altars for the bales and made wooden images and he worshiped
and made wooden images and he worshiped
and made wooden images and he worshiped all the hosts of heaven and served them
all the hosts of heaven and served them
all the hosts of heaven and served them he also built altars in the house of the
he also built altars in the house of the
he also built altars in the house of the Lord
Lord
Lord which the Lord had said in Jerusalem
which the Lord had said in Jerusalem
which the Lord had said in Jerusalem shall my name be forever and he built
shall my name be forever and he built
shall my name be forever and he built altars for all the hosts of heaven in
altars for all the hosts of heaven in
altars for all the hosts of heaven in the two courts of the house of the Lord
the two courts of the house of the Lord
the two courts of the house of the Lord also he caused his sons to pass through
also he caused his sons to pass through
also he caused his sons to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of
the fire in the valley of the son of
the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom he practiced soothsaying used
Hinnom he practiced soothsaying used
Hinnom he practiced soothsaying used witchcraft and sorcery and consulted
witchcraft and sorcery and consulted
witchcraft and sorcery and consulted mediums and spiritists he did much evil
mediums and spiritists he did much evil
mediums and spiritists he did much evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke him
in the sight of the Lord to provoke him
in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger he even set a carved image the
to anger he even set a carved image the
to anger he even set a carved image the idol which he had made in the house of
idol which he had made in the house of
idol which he had made in the house of God of which God had said to David into
God of which God had said to David into
God of which God had said to David into Solomon his son in this house and in
Solomon his son in this house and in
Solomon his son in this house and in Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all
Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all
Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel I will put my name
the tribes of Israel I will put my name
the tribes of Israel I will put my name forever and I will not again remove the
forever and I will not again remove the
forever and I will not again remove the foot of Israel from the land which I
foot of Israel from the land which I
foot of Israel from the land which I have appointed for your fathers only if
have appointed for your fathers only if
have appointed for your fathers only if they are careful to do all that I have
they are careful to do all that I have
they are careful to do all that I have commanded them according to the whole
commanded them according to the whole
commanded them according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances
law and the statutes and the ordinances
law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses so Manasseh seduced
by the hand of Moses so Manasseh seduced
by the hand of Moses so Manasseh seduced Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to do more evil than the nations whom
to do more evil than the nations whom
to do more evil than the nations whom the Lord had destroyed before the
the Lord had destroyed before the
the Lord had destroyed before the children of Israel
and the Lord spoke to Manasseh and his
and the Lord spoke to Manasseh and his people but it would not listen therefore
people but it would not listen therefore
people but it would not listen therefore the Lord brought upon them the captains
the Lord brought upon them the captains
the Lord brought upon them the captains of the army of the king of Assyria who
of the army of the king of Assyria who
of the army of the king of Assyria who took Manasseh with hooks bound him with
took Manasseh with hooks bound him with
took Manasseh with hooks bound him with bronze fetters and carried him off to
bronze fetters and carried him off to
bronze fetters and carried him off to Babylon now when he was in affliction he
Babylon now when he was in affliction he
Babylon now when he was in affliction he implored the Lord his God and humbled
implored the Lord his God and humbled
implored the Lord his God and humbled himself greatly before the god of his
himself greatly before the god of his
himself greatly before the god of his father's and prayed to him and he
father's and prayed to him and he
father's and prayed to him and he received his entreaty heard his
received his entreaty heard his
received his entreaty heard his supplication and brought him back to
supplication and brought him back to
supplication and brought him back to Jerusalem into his kingdom then Manasseh
Jerusalem into his kingdom then Manasseh
Jerusalem into his kingdom then Manasseh knew that the Lord was God after this he
knew that the Lord was God after this he
knew that the Lord was God after this he built a wall outside the City of David
built a wall outside the City of David
built a wall outside the City of David on the west side of Gihon in the valley
on the west side of Gihon in the valley
on the west side of Gihon in the valley as far as the entrance of the fish gate
as far as the entrance of the fish gate
as far as the entrance of the fish gate and it enclosed oho and he raised it to
and it enclosed oho and he raised it to
and it enclosed oho and he raised it to a very great height then he put military
a very great height then he put military
a very great height then he put military captains in all the fortified cities of
captains in all the fortified cities of
captains in all the fortified cities of Judah he took away the foreign guards
Judah he took away the foreign guards
Judah he took away the foreign guards and the idol from the house of the Lord
and the idol from the house of the Lord
and the idol from the house of the Lord and all the altars that he had built in
and all the altars that he had built in
and all the altars that he had built in the Mount of the house of the Lord and
the Mount of the house of the Lord and
the Mount of the house of the Lord and in Jerusalem
in Jerusalem
in Jerusalem and he cast them out of the city he also
and he cast them out of the city he also
and he cast them out of the city he also repaired the altar of the Lord
repaired the altar of the Lord
repaired the altar of the Lord sacrificed peace offerings and thanked
sacrificed peace offerings and thanked
sacrificed peace offerings and thanked offerings on it and commanded Judah to
offerings on it and commanded Judah to
offerings on it and commanded Judah to serve the Lord God of Israel
serve the Lord God of Israel
serve the Lord God of Israel nevertheless the people still sacrificed
nevertheless the people still sacrificed
nevertheless the people still sacrificed on the high places but only to the Lord
on the high places but only to the Lord
on the high places but only to the Lord their God now the rest of the acts of
their God now the rest of the acts of
their God now the rest of the acts of Manasseh his prayer to his God and the
Manasseh his prayer to his God and the
Manasseh his prayer to his God and the words of the seers who spoke to him in
words of the seers who spoke to him in
words of the seers who spoke to him in the name of the Lord God of Israel
the name of the Lord God of Israel
the name of the Lord God of Israel indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of
indeed they are written in the book of the kings of Israel also his prayer and
the kings of Israel also his prayer and
the kings of Israel also his prayer and how God received his entreaty and all
how God received his entreaty and all
how God received his entreaty and all his sin and trespass and the sites where
his sin and trespass and the sites where
his sin and trespass and the sites where he built high places and set up wooden
he built high places and set up wooden
he built high places and set up wooden images and carved images before he was
images and carved images before he was
images and carved images before he was humbled indeed they are written among
humbled indeed they are written among
humbled indeed they are written among the sayings of Isaiah so Manasseh rested
the sayings of Isaiah so Manasseh rested
the sayings of Isaiah so Manasseh rested with his father's and they buried him in
with his father's and they buried him in
with his father's and they buried him in his own house then his son Ammon reigned
his own house then his son Ammon reigned
his own house then his son Ammon reigned in his place Ammon was 22 years old when
in his place Ammon was 22 years old when
in his place Ammon was 22 years old when he became King and he reigned two years
he became King and he reigned two years
he became King and he reigned two years in Jerusalem but he did evil in the
in Jerusalem but he did evil in the
in Jerusalem but he did evil in the sight of the Lord as his father Manasseh
sight of the Lord as his father Manasseh
sight of the Lord as his father Manasseh had done for Imani sacrificed to all the
had done for Imani sacrificed to all the
had done for Imani sacrificed to all the carved images which his father Manasseh
carved images which his father Manasseh
carved images which his father Manasseh had made and served them and he did not
had made and served them and he did not
had made and served them and he did not humble himself before the Lord as his
humble himself before the Lord as his
humble himself before the Lord as his father Manasseh had humbled himself but
father Manasseh had humbled himself but
father Manasseh had humbled himself but Ammon trespassed more and more
Ammon trespassed more and more
Ammon trespassed more and more then his servants conspired against him
then his servants conspired against him
then his servants conspired against him and killed him in his own house but the
and killed him in his own house but the
and killed him in his own house but the people of the land executed all those
people of the land executed all those
people of the land executed all those who had conspired against King Allen
who had conspired against King Allen
who had conspired against King Allen then the people of the land made his son
then the people of the land made his son
then the people of the land made his son Josiah King in his place